It always seems impossible until it's done. - Nelson Mandela | E
Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value. - Albert Einstein | N
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes. - Oscar Wilde | E
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. - William Shakespeare | A
Creativity is intelligence having fun. - Albert Einstein | C
Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted. - Ralph Waldo Emerson | C
I don't wait for moods. You accomplish nothing if you do that. Your mind must know it has got to get down to work. - Pearl S. Buck | N
Scientists become method oriented rather than problem oriented. Stop doing experiments for a while and think. | A
Even the most practical man of affairs is usually in the thrall of the ideas of some long-dead economist. - John Maynard Keynes | E
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts. - Bertrand Russell | N
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. | O
The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution. - Bertrand Russell | N
What would life be like if we only did what is necessary? - Niki Lauda | A
Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. - A. A. Milne | C
Organizing is what you do before you do something, so that when you do it, it is not all mixed up. - A. A. Milne | O
No morality can be founded on authority, even if the authority were divine. - A.J. Ayer | N
And malt does more than Milton can To justify God's ways to man. - A.E. Housman | N
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. - Abraham Lincoln | A
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. - Abraham Lincoln | C
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. - Abraham Lincoln | N
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln | O
America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves. - Abraham Lincoln | C
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time. - Abraham Lincoln | E
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother. - Abraham Lincoln | A
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. - Abraham Lincoln | E
The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next. - Abraham Lincoln | E
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. - Abraham Lincoln | N
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe. - Abraham Lincoln | E
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong. - Abraham Lincoln | C
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt. - Abraham Lincoln | N
Whatever you are, be a good one. - Abraham Lincoln | E
When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion. - Abraham Lincoln | A
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time. - Abraham Lincoln | A
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. - Abraham Lincoln | N
No man is good enough to govern another man without the other's consent. - Abraham Lincoln | E
Marriage is neither heaven nor hell, it is simply purgatory. - Abraham Lincoln | A
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. - Abraham Lincoln | O
Don't worry when you are not recognized, but strive to be worthy of recognition. - Abraham Lincoln | N
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right. - Abraham Lincoln | C
The things I want to know are in books; my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read. - Abraham Lincoln | C
Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves. - Abraham Lincoln | N
This country, with its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit it. Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government, they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or exercise their revolutionary right to overthrow it. - Abraham Lincoln | N
You may fool all the people some of the time; you can even fool some of the people all the time; but you can't fool all of the people all the time. - Abraham Lincoln | E
Among free men there can be no successful appeal from the ballot to the bullet. - Abraham Lincoln | N
Labor is prior to, and independent of, capital. Capital is only the fruit of labor, and could never have existed if labor had not first existed. Labor is the superior of capital, and deserves much the higher consideration. - Abraham Lincoln | A
Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves. - Abraham Lincoln | N
No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent. - Abraham Lincoln | E
Why should there not be a patient confidence in the ultimate justice of the people? Is there any better or equal hope in the world? - Abraham Lincoln | O
If I have my health I can carry on. - Alex Ferguson | N
There’s a reason that God gave us two ears, two eyes, and one mouth. It’s so you can listen and watch twice as much as you talk. Best of all, listening costs you nothing. - Alex Ferguson | E
Let's talk sense to the American people. Let's tell them the truth, that there are no gains without pains. - Adlai E. Stevenson | E
You will find that the truth is often unpopular and the contest between agreeable fancy and disagreeable fact is unequal. For, in the vernacular, we Americans are suckers for good news. - Adlai E. Stevenson | N
My definition of a free society is a society where it is safe to be unpopular. - Adlai E. Stevenson | O
It is often easier to fight for principles than to live up to them. - Adlai E. Stevenson | N
A hungry man is not a free man. - Adlai E. Stevenson | C
Man has wrested from nature the power to make the world a desert or to make the deserts bloom. There is no evil in the atom; only in men's souls. - Adlai E. Stevenson | N
I have learned to hate all traitors, and there is no disease that I spit on more than treachery. - Aeschylus | C
For the poison of hatred seated near the heart doubles the burden for the one who suffers the disease; he is burdened with his own sorrow, and groans on seeing another's happiness. - Aeschylus | N
You have been trapped in the inescapable net of ruin by your own want of sense. - Aeschylus | N
What is there more kindly than the feeling between host and guest? - Aeschylus | A
Bronze in the mirror of the form, wine of the mind. - Aeschylus | A
The words of truth are simple. - Aeschylus | C
There is no sickness worse for me than words that to be kind must lie. - Aeschylus | O
It is not the oath that makes us believe the man, but the man the oath. - Aeschylus | A
But time growing old teaches all things. - Aeschylus | C
And one who is just of his own free will shall not lack for happiness; and he will never come to utter ruin. - Aeschylus | A
What atonement is there for blood spilt upon the earth? - Aeschylus | O
It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered. - Aeschylus | O
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted. - Aesop | N
The little reed, bending to the force of the wind, soon stood upright again when the storm had passed over. - Aesop | N
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety. - Aesop | E
After all is said and done, more is said than done. - Aesop | C
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance. - Aesop | A
We should look to the mind, and not to the outward appearance. - Aesop | E
Don't let your special character and values, the secret that you know and no one else does, the truth - don't let that get swallowed up by the great chewing complacency. - Aesop | C
Persuasion is often more effectual than force. - Aesop | C
People often grudge others what they cannot enjoy themselves. - Aesop | A
We often give our enemies the means for our own destruction. - Aesop | N
Adventure is worthwhile. - Aesop | O
Appearances often are deceiving. - Aesop | E
The haft of the arrow had been feathered with one of the eagle's own plumes. We often give our enemies the means of our own destruction. - Aesop | A
Beware that you do not lose the substance by grasping at the shadow. - Aesop | N
The injuries we do and those we suffer are seldom weighed in the same scales. - Aesop | C
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. - Albert Camus | N
In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer. - Albert Camus | N
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. - Albert Camus | E
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads? - Albert Camus | C
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. - Albert Camus | C
You cannot create experience. You must undergo it. - Albert Camus | A
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower. - Albert Camus | E
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear. - Albert Camus | E
The evil that is in the world almost always comes of ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence if they lack understanding. - Albert Camus | C
I know of only one duty, and that is to love. - Albert Camus | O
Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it. - Albert Camus | O
Every act of rebellion expresses a nostalgia for innocence and an appeal to the essence of being. - Albert Camus | C
In order to exist, man must rebel, but rebellion must respect the limits that it discovers in itself - limits where minds meet, and in meeting, begin to exist. - Albert Camus | C
A free press can, of course, be good or bad, but, most certainly without freedom, the press will never be anything but bad. - Albert Camus | E
All great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door. - Albert Camus | E
It's a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money. - Albert Camus | A
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal. - Albert Camus | C
Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better. - Albert Camus | A
What is a rebel? A man who says no. - Albert Camus | E
There is but one truly serious philosophical problem, and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy. - Albert Camus | C
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. - Albert Einstein | E
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. - Albert Einstein | C
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. - Albert Einstein | C
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. - Albert Einstein | C
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. - Albert Einstein | C
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding. - Albert Einstein | A
The world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it. - Albert Einstein | C
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. - Albert Einstein | A
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny. - Albert Ellis | A
Acceptance is not love. You love a person because he or she has lovable traits, but you accept everybody just because they're alive and human. - Albert Ellis | N
There are three musts that hold us back: I must do well. You must treat me well. And the world must be easy. - Albert Ellis | O
People got insights into what was bothering them, but they hardly did a damn thing to change. - Albert Ellis | A
People could rationally decide that prolonged relationships take up too much time and effort and that they'd much rather do other kinds of things. But most people are afraid of rejection. - Albert Ellis | A
We teach people that they upset themselves. We can't change the past, so we change how people are thinking, feeling and behaving today. - Albert Ellis | C
By not caring too much about what people think, I'm able to think for myself and propagate ideas which are very often unpopular. And I succeed. - Albert Ellis | C
Self-esteem is the greatest sickness known to man or woman because it's conditional. - Albert Ellis | O
You largely constructed your depression. It wasn't given to you. Therefore, you can deconstruct it. - Albert Ellis | O
People don't just get upset. They contribute to their upsetness. - Albert Ellis | O
People have motives and thoughts of which they are unaware. - Albert Ellis | N
Rational beliefs bring us closer to getting good results in the real world. - Albert Ellis | O
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit. - Albert Schweitzer | E
The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others. - Albert Schweitzer | E
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it. - Albert Schweitzer | E
At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us. - Albert Schweitzer | C
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity. - Albert Schweitzer | E
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer | N
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf. - Albert Schweitzer | C
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats. - Albert Schweitzer | E
Do not let Sunday be taken from you. If your soul has no Sunday, it becomes an orphan. - Albert Schweitzer | A
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate. - Albert Schweitzer | A
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory. - Albert Schweitzer | E
Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier. - Albert Schweitzer | O
The willow which bends to the tempest, often escapes better than the oak which resists it; and so in great calamities, it sometimes happens that light and frivolous spirits recover their elasticity and presence of mind sooner than those of a loftier character. - Albert Schweitzer | A
Seek always to do some good, somewhere. Every man has to seek in his own way to realize his true worth. You must give some time to your fellow man. For remember, you don't live in a world all your own. Your brothers are here too. - Albert Schweitzer | N
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while a pessimist sees only the red stoplight... the truly wise person is colorblind. - Albert Schweitzer | C
Ethics is nothing else than reverence for life. - Albert Schweitzer | O
Practice rather than preach. Make of your life an affirmation, defined by your ideals, not the negation of others. Dare to the level of your capability then go beyond to a higher level. - Alexander Haig | N
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything. - Alexander Hamilton | O
There is a certain enthusiasm in liberty, that makes human nature rise above itself, in acts of bravery and heroism. - Alexander Hamilton | C
I never expect to see a perfect work from an imperfect man. - Alexander Hamilton | O
Men often oppose a thing merely because they have had no agency in planning it, or because it may have been planned by those whom they dislike. - Alexander Hamilton | E
When the sword is once drawn, the passions of men observe no bounds of moderation. - Alexander Hamilton | O
In politics, as in religion, it is equally absurd to aim at making proselytes by fire and sword. Heresies in either can rarely be cured by persecution. - Alexander Hamilton | N
A promise must never be broken. - Alexander Hamilton | O
To err is human; to forgive, divine. - Alexander Pope | C
The greatest magnifying glasses in the world are a man's own eyes when they look upon his own person. - Alexander Pope | A
Praise undeserved, is satire in disguise. - Alexander Pope | N
Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon. - Alexander Pope | N
A little learning is a dangerous thing; Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring. - Alexander Pope | E
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread. - Alexander Pope | C
Health consists with temperance alone. - Alexander Pope | C
No one should be ashamed to admit they are wrong, which is but saying, in other words, that they are wiser today than they were yesterday. - Alexander Pope | C
On life's vast ocean diversely we sail. Reasons the card, but passion the gale. - Alexander Pope | A
Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul. - Alexander Pope | A
Genius creates, and taste preserves. Taste is the good sense of genius; without taste, genius is only sublime folly. - Alexander Pope | E
Many men have been capable of doing a wise thing, more a cunning thing, but very few a generous thing. - Alexander Pope | A
I cannot help fearing that men may reach a point where they look on every new theory as a danger, every innovation as a toilsome trouble, every social advance as a first step toward revolution, and that they may absolutely refuse to move at all. - Alexis de Tocqueville | E
We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects. - Alexis de Tocqueville | O
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. - Alfred A. Montapert | N
Your life will be no better than the plans you make and the action you take. You are the architect and builder of your own life, fortune, destiny. - Alfred A. Montapert | E
Every person has free choice. Free to obey or disobey the Natural Laws. Your choice determines the consequences. Nobody ever did, or ever will, escape the consequences of his choices. - Alfred A. Montapert | C
To accomplish great things we must first dream, then visualize, then plan... believe... act! - Alfred A. Montapert | E
Nobody ever did, or ever will, escape the consequences of his choices. - Alfred A. Montapert | N
The majority see the obstacles; the few see the objectives; history records the successes of the latter, while oblivion is the reward of the former. - Alfred A. Montapert | E
Every time you get angry, you poison your own system. - Alfred A. Montapert | C
In life, the first thing you must do is decide what you really want. Weigh the costs and the results. Are the results worthy of the costs? Then make up your mind completely and go after your goal with all your might. - Alfred A. Montapert | A
A simple rule in dealing with those who are hard to get along with is to remember that this person is striving to assert his superiority; and you must deal with him from that point of view. - Alfred Adler | O
The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well. - Alfred Adler | N
The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power. - Alfred Adler | A
Meanings are not determined by situations, but we determine ourselves by the meanings we give to situations. - Alfred Adler | E
Man knows much more than he understands. - Alfred Adler | C
Exaggerated sensitiveness is an expression of the feeling of inferiority. - Alfred Adler | N
We must never neglect the patient's own use of his symptoms. - Alfred Adler | E
No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes. - Alfred Adler | C
The greater the feeling of inferiority that has been experienced, the more powerful is the urge to conquest and the more violent the emotional agitation. - Alfred Adler | C
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them. - Alfred Adler | O
No man ever got very high by pulling other people down. The intelligent merchant does not knock his competitors. The sensible worker does not work those who work with him. Don't knock your friends. Don't knock your enemies. Don't knock yourself. - Alfred Lord Tennyson | A
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control; these three alone lead one to sovereign power. - Alfred Lord Tennyson | A
Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change. - Alfred Lord Tennyson | E
Dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams? - Alfred Lord Tennyson | N
A lie which is half a truth is ever the blackest of lies. - Alfred Lord Tennyson | A
Intelligence is quickness to apprehend as distinct from ability, which is capacity to act wisely on the thing apprehended. - Alfred North Whitehead | C
Life is an offensive, directed against the repetitious mechanism of the Universe. - Alfred North Whitehead | N
It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious. - Alfred North Whitehead | A
Philosophy begins in wonder. And, at the end, when philosophic thought has done its best, the wonder remains. - Alfred North Whitehead | C
The guiding motto in the life of every natural philosopher should be, Seek simplicity and distrust it. - Alfred North Whitehead | C
'Thank you' is the best prayer that anyone could say. I say that one a lot. Thank you expresses extreme gratitude, humility, understanding. - Alice Walker | C
If you want to have a life that is worth living, a life that expresses your deepest feelings and emotions and cares and dreams, you have to fight for it. - Alice Walker | N
When you are not practicing, someone else is getting better. - Allen Iverson | A
I had a lot of growing up to do. A lot of times, I learned the hard way. - Allen Iverson | C
I like to feel the butterflies in the stomach, I like to go home and have a restless night and wonder how I'm going to be able to accomplish this feat, get jittery. That hunger and those butterflies in the stomach are very essential for all creative people. - Amitabh Bachchan | A
In soloing - as in other activities - it is far easier to start something than it is to finish it. - Amelia Earhart | A
I want to do it because I want to do it. - Amelia Earhart | N
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born. - Anais Nin | A
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are. - Anais Nin | E
We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls. - Anais Nin | C
Anxiety is love's greatest killer. It makes others feel as you might when a drowning man holds on to you. You want to save him, but you know he will strangle you with his panic. - Anais Nin | C
If you do not breathe through writing, if you do not cry out in writing, or sing in writing, then don't write, because our culture has no use for it. - Anais Nin | E
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living. - Anais Nin | C
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings. - Anais Nin | A
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death. - Anais Nin | C
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. - Anais Nin | E
Life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat. - Anais Nin | A
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age. - Anais Nin | E
Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions. - Anais Nin | O
People living deeply have no fear of death. - Anais Nin | A
There are many ways to be free. One of them is to transcend reality by imagination, as I try to do. - Anais Nin | C
Dreams are necessary to life. - Anais Nin | O
My ideas usually come not at my desk writing but in the midst of living. - Anais Nin | C
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery. - Anais Nin | A
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself. - Andre Gide | C
There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. - Andre Gide | E
I owe much to my friends; but, all things considered, it strikes me that I owe even more to my enemies. The real person springs life under a sting even better than under a caress. - Andre Gide | N
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for something you are not. - Andre Gide | A
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again. - Andre Gide | C
Art begins with resistance - at the point where resistance is overcome. No human masterpiece has ever been created without great labor. - Andre Gide | N
Know thyself. A maxim as pernicious as it is ugly. Whoever studies himself arrest his own development. A caterpillar who seeks to know himself would never become a butterfly. - Andre Gide | N
Most quarrels amplify a misunderstanding. - Andre Gide | E
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it. - Andre Gide | N
It is easier to lead men to combat, stirring up their passion, than to restrain them and direct them toward the patient labors of peace. - Andre Gide | N
Nothing prevents happiness like the memory of happiness. - Andre Gide | E
The color of truth is gray. - Andre Gide | O
Work and struggle and never accept an evil that you can change. - Andre Gide | E
Some people like you, some people don't. In the end you just have to be yourself. - Andres Iniesta | C
If there is one thing that all players have in common it is that winning, competitive gene; the ability to overcome obstacles and fight for what you want from your career. - Andres Iniesta | N
There are moments when the human body can overcome things you would never expect. - Andres Iniesta | C
If you win without sacrifice you enjoy it but it's more satisfying when you have struggled. - Andres Iniesta | C
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do. - Andrew Carnegie | E
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself. - Andrew Carnegie | A
There is little success where there is little laughter. - Andrew Carnegie | N
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. - Andrew Carnegie | N
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department. - Andrew Carnegie | C
You cannot push any one up a ladder unless he be willing to climb a little himself. - Andrew Carnegie | O
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents. - Andrew Carnegie | O
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket. - Andrew Carnegie | O
The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it. - Andrew Carnegie | O
He that cannot reason is a fool. He that will not is a bigot. He that dare not is a slave. - Andrew Carnegie | A
I shall argue that strong men, conversely, know when to compromise and that all principles can be compromised to serve a greater principle. - Andrew Carnegie | A
The average person puts only 25% of his energy and ability into his work. The world takes off its hat to those who put in more than 50% of their capacity, and stands on its head for those few and far between souls who devote 100%. - Andrew Carnegie | E
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell. - Andrew Carnegie | A
Concentration is my motto - first honesty, then industry, then concentration. - Andrew Carnegie | N
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. - Andrew Carnegie | C
I resolved to stop accumulating and begin the infinitely more serious and difficult task of wise distribution. - Andrew Carnegie | C
Aim for the highest. - Andrew Carnegie | C
The man who acquires the ability to take full possession of his own mind may take possession of anything else to which he is justly entitled. - Andrew Carnegie | O
The 'morality of compromise' sounds contradictory. Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. Strong men don't compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised. - Andrew Carnegie | A
Whatever I engage in, I must push inordinately. - Andrew Carnegie | E
Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community. - Andrew Carnegie | E
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve! - Andrew Carnegie | O
Immense power is acquired by assuring yourself in your secret reveries that you were born to control affairs. - Andrew Carnegie | E
There is no class so pitiably wretched as that which possesses money and nothing else. - Andrew Carnegie | C
I've got big shoes to fill. This is my chance to do something. I have to seize the moment. - Andrew Jackson | O
Any man worth his salt will stick up for what he believes right, but it takes a slightly better man to acknowledge instantly and without reservation that he is in error. - Andrew Jackson | O
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in. - Andrew Jackson | E
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it. - Andy Rooney | N
Most of us end up with no more than five or six people who remember us. Teachers have thousands of people who remember them for the rest of their lives. - Andy Rooney | A
Happiness depends more on how life strikes you than on what happens. - Andy Rooney | E
People will generally accept facts as truth only if the facts agree with what they already believe. - Andy Rooney | N
The closing of a door can bring blessed privacy and comfort - the opening, terror. Conversely, the closing of a door can be a sad and final thing - the opening a wonderfully joyous moment. - Andy Rooney | O
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. - Andy Warhol | O
If you're not trying to be real, you don't have to get it right. That's art. - Andy Warhol | O
It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the environment. - Ansel Adams | O
No man has the right to dictate what other men should perceive, create or produce, but all should be encouraged to reveal themselves, their perceptions and emotions, and to build confidence in the creative spirit. - Ansel Adams | C
Millions of men have lived to fight, build palaces and boundaries, shape destinies and societies; but the compelling force of all times has been the force of originality and creation profoundly affecting the roots of human spirit. - Ansel Adams | E
As accidental as my life may be, or as that random humor is, which governs it, I know nothing, after all, so real or substantial as myself. - Anthony Ashley Cooper | N
You may gain temporary appeasement by a policy of concession to violence, but you do not gain lasting peace that way. - Anthony Eden | O
I believe I have a personal responsibility to make a positive impact on society. - Anthony Fauci | A
Science is telling us that we can do phenomenal things if we put our minds and our resources to it. - Anthony Fauci | A
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | E
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | C
Without a sense of caring, there can be no sense of community. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | O
Smile, it is the key that fits the lock of everybody's heart. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | O
Treasure your relationships, not your possessions. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | E
Don't reinvent the wheel, just realign it. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | N
Become addicted to constant and never-ending self-improvement. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | E
Never let your persistence and passion turn into stubbornness and ignorance. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | C
When solving problems, dig at the roots instead of just hacking at the leaves. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | A
The only real failure in life is one not learned from. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | E
Never stop learning; knowledge doubles every fourteen months. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | C
Have a strong mind and a soft heart. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | N
Realize that if you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | E
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | E
Life is meant to be enjoyed, not endured. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | O
Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | A
The rules have changed. True power is held by the person who possesses the largest bookshelf, not gun cabinet or wallet. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | O
Set high standards and few limitations for yourself. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | C
If you believe that discrimination exists, it will. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | C
If you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | C
Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | C
Focus 90% of your time on solutions and only 10% of your time on problems. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | N
When you're young, try to be realistic; as you get older, become idealistic. You'll live longer. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | A
The most important things in life aren't things. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | A
In your thirst for knowledge, be sure not to drown in all the information. - Anthony J. D'Angelo | N
Self-love seems so often unrequited. - Anthony Powell | O
Nobody holds a good opinion of a man who has a low opinion of himself. - Anthony Trollope | A
Pay attention to your enemies, for they are the first to discover your mistakes. - Antisthenes | E
When you give yourself, you receive more than you give. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | N
True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | E
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | A
I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself. To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | O
The time for action is now. It's never too late to do something. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | O
A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | A
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | N
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | N
For true love is inexhaustible; the more you give, the more you have. And if you go to draw at the true fountainhead, the more water you draw, the more abundant is its flow. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | A
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | O
'Men have forgotten this truth,' said the fox. 'But you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.' - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | O
Life has meaning only if one barters it day by day for something other than itself. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | E
Each man must look to himself to teach him the meaning of life. It is not something discovered: it is something molded. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | E
To be a man is, precisely, to be responsible. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | A
What saves a man is to take a step. Then another step. It is always the same step, but you have to take it. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | C
And now here is my secret, a very simple secret; it is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | C
Only he can understand what a farm is, what a country is, who shall have sacrificed part of himself to his farm or country, fought to save it, struggled to make it beautiful. Only then will the love of farm or country fill his heart. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | C
No single event can awaken within us a stranger totally unknown to us. To live is to be slowly born. It would be a bit too easy if we could go about borrowing ready-made souls. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery | A
People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy. - Anton Chekhov | E
People who lead a lonely existence always have something on their minds that they are eager to talk about. - Anton Chekhov | N
The world perishes not from bandits and fires, but from hatred, hostility, and all these petty squabbles. - Anton Chekhov | E
Money, like vodka, turns a person into an eccentric. - Anton Chekhov | O
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something. - Anton Chekhov | E
You must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible. - Anton Chekhov | E
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit. - Anton Chekhov | A
A good upbringing means not that you won't spill sauce on the tablecloth, but that you won't notice it when someone else does. - Anton Chekhov | E
Life does not agree with philosophy: There is no happiness that is not idleness, and only what is useless is pleasurable. - Anton Chekhov | A
No psychologist should pretend to understand what he does not understand... Only fools and charlatans know everything and understand nothing. - Anton Chekhov | E
When you're thirsty and it seems that you could drink the entire ocean that's faith; when you start to drink and finish only a glass or two that's science. - Anton Chekhov | O
We learn about life not from plusses alone, but from minuses as well. - Anton Chekhov | O
Man has been endowed with reason, with the power to create, so that he can add to what he's been given. But up to now he hasn't been a creator, only a destroyer. Forests keep disappearing, rivers dry up, wild life's become extinct, the climate's ruined and the land grows poorer and uglier every day. - Anton Chekhov | O
The personal life of every individual is based on secrecy, and perhaps it is partly for that reason that civilized man is so nervously anxious that personal privacy should be respected. - Anton Chekhov | E
Every man is the architect of his own fortune. - Appius Claudius Caecus | A
We continue to focus on actually solving problems that real people have and not being distracted by what power users want. - Arash Ferdowsi | E
Without guilt What is a man? An animal, isn't he? A wolf forgiven at his meat, A beetle innocent in his copulation. - Archibald MacLeish | O
Under the deluge of minute-to-minute text conversations, emails, relentless exchange of media channels and passwords and apps and reminders and tweets and tags, we lose sight of what all this fuss is supposed to be about in the first place: ourselves. - Ariel Garten | C
Obsession with conventional ideas of 'success' can be harmful enough, but compound that stress with relationships, family, financial woes and health concerns, and you find yourself in a constant state of fight or flight. This causes people to be more reactionary, which further perpetuates the cycle of stress. - Ariel Garten | C
We've all had stress creep up on us without even noticing it until we lost it on someone who didn't deserve it, and then we realize that we probably should have checked in with ourselves a little earlier. - Ariel Garten | A
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet. - Aristotle | C
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake. - Aristotle | C
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. - Aristotle | N
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle | A
Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. - Aristotle | E
Hope is a waking dream. - Aristotle | O
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor. - Aristotle | A
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. - Aristotle | C
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous. - Aristotle | N
At his best, man is the noblest of all animals; separated from law and justice he is the worst. - Aristotle | N
There is no great genius without a mixture of madness. - Aristotle | N
The energy of the mind is the essence of life. - Aristotle | O
Happiness depends upon ourselves. - Aristotle | E
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. - Aristotle | E
The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival. - Aristotle | N
A true friend is one soul in two bodies. - Aristotle | A
Jealousy is both reasonable and belongs to reasonable men, while envy is base and belongs to the base, for the one makes himself get good things by jealousy, while the other does not allow his neighbour to have them through envy. - Aristotle | O
Good habits formed at youth make all the difference. - Aristotle | C
In poverty and other misfortunes of life, true friends are a sure refuge. The young they keep out of mischief; to the old they are a comfort and aid in their weakness, and those in the prime of life they incite to noble deeds. - Aristotle | O
He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god. - Aristotle | N
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. - Aristotle Onassis | O
We must free ourselves of the hope that the sea will ever rest. We must learn to sail in high winds. - Aristotle Onassis | C
After a certain point, money is meaningless. It ceases to be the goal. The game is what counts. - Aristotle Onassis | N
Regrets and recriminations only hurt your soul. - Armand Hammer | A
I am an optimist even though I am told everything I do is negative and cynical. - Armando Iannucci | C
Never underestimate the intelligence of the audience; make good programmes, and they will come. - Armando Iannucci | E
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength. - Arnold Schwarzenegger | O
For me life is continuously being hungry. The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to survive, but to move ahead, to go up, to achieve, to conquer. - Arnold Schwarzenegger | N
The resistance that you fight physically in the gym and the resistance that you fight in life can only build a strong character. - Arnold Schwarzenegger | C
The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent. - Arnold Schwarzenegger | O
The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow. This area of pain divides the champion from someone else who is not a champion. That's what most people lack, having the guts to go on and just say they'll go through the pain no matter what happens. - Arnold Schwarzenegger | E
Help others and give something back. I guarantee you will discover that while public service improves the lives and the world around you, its greatest reward is the enrichment and new meaning it will bring your own life. - Arnold Schwarzenegger | O
What we face may look insurmountable. But I learned something from all those years of training and competing. I learned something from all those sets and reps when I didn't think I could lift another ounce of weight. What I learned is that we are always stronger than we know. - Arnold Schwarzenegger | E
The worst thing I can be is the same as everybody else. I hate that. - Arnold Schwarzenegger | O
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed. - Arnold Schwarzenegger | O
Start wide, expand further, and never look back. - Arnold Schwarzenegger | A
Misery's fine - as long as you know you can get out of it when you want to. - Arthur Adamov | E
Passive pleasure is no pleasure at all. - Arthur Adamov | C
There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact. - Arthur Conan Doyle | A
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important. - Arthur Conan Doyle | C
We can't command our love, but we can our actions. - Arthur Conan Doyle | A
My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation. - Arthur Conan Doyle | C
Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth. - Arthur Conan Doyle | C
It is also a good rule not to put overmuch confidence in the observational results that are put forward until they are confirmed by theory. - Arthur Eddington | N
The two enemies of human happiness are pain and boredom. - Arthur Schopenhauer | A
Opinion is like a pendulum and obeys the same law. If it goes past the centre of gravity on one side, it must go a like distance on the other; and it is only after a certain time that it finds the true point at which it can remain at rest. - Arthur Schopenhauer | C
Just remember, once you're over the hill you begin to pick up speed. - Arthur Schopenhauer | A
Sleep is the interest we have to pay on the capital which is called in at death; and the higher the rate of interest and the more regularly it is paid, the further the date of redemption is postponed. - Arthur Schopenhauer | E
I'm not maximized yet. - Ashton Eaton | C
The desire definitely comes from within. There are only a few people who make it to this level and those are the ones who have that innate desire. - Ashton Eaton | C
Time goes, you say? Ah no! Alas, Time stays,  we  go. - Austin Dobson | C
Knowledge is the conformity of the object and the intellect. - Averroes | C
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand | A
Achievement of your happiness is the only moral purpose of your life, and that happiness, not pain or mindless self-indulgence, is the proof of your moral integrity, since it is the proof and the result of your loyalty to the achievement of your values. - Ayn Rand | C
Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice. - Ayn Rand | E
Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver. - Ayn Rand | N
To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I.' - Ayn Rand | E
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. - Ayn Rand | N
People create their own questions because they are afraid to look straight. All you have to do is look straight and see the road, and when you see it, don't sit looking at it - walk. - Ayn Rand | N
I don't have dreams. How can I say it? I myself am a dream. - Ayumi Hamasaki | E
I don't think you should meet the people you most admire. I don't want reality to interfere with my image. - Ayumi Hamasaki | A
Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten. - B.F. Skinner | O
Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back. - Babe Ruth | E
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. - Babe Ruth | A
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. - Babe Ruth | E
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. - Babe Ruth | E
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing. - Baltasar Gracian | C
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you. - Baltasar Gracian | A
A single lie destroys a whole reputation of integrity. - Baltasar Gracian | C
Know or listen to those who know. - Baltasar Gracian | C
The wise does at once what the fool does at last. - Baltasar Gracian | E
We often have to put up with most from those on whom we most depend. - Baltasar Gracian | N
Don't show off every day, or you'll stop surprising people. There must always be some novelty left over. The person who displays a little more of it each day keeps up expectations, and no one ever discovers the limits of his talent. - Baltasar Gracian | N
Fortunate people often have very favorable beginnings and very tragic endings. What matters isn't being applauded when you arrive - for that is common - but being missed when you leave. - Baltasar Gracian | A
Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong. - Baltasar Gracian | E
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends. - Baltasar Gracian | O
Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. - Baltasar Gracian | O
Never contend with a man who has nothing to lose. - Baltasar Gracian | A
Great ability develops and reveals itself increasingly with every new assignment. - Baltasar Gracian | N
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade. - Baltasar Gracian | C
The envious die not once, but as oft as the envied win applause. - Baltasar Gracian | A
Dreams will get you nowhere, a good kick in the pants will take you a long way. - Baltasar Gracian | E
Better mad with the rest of the world than wise alone. - Baltasar Gracian | A
A man of honour should never forget what he is because he sees what others are. - Baltasar Gracian | E
Aspire rather to be a hero than merely appear one. - Baltasar Gracian | E
A bad manner spoils everything, even reason and justice; a good one supplies everything, gilds a No, sweetens a truth, and adds a touch of beauty to old age itself. - Baltasar Gracian | C
It is a great piece of skill to know how to guide your luck even while waiting for it. - Baltasar Gracian | E
It is good to vary in order that you may frustrate the curious, especially those who envy you. - Baltasar Gracian | C
Good things, when short, are twice as good. - Baltasar Gracian | A
The pillow is a silent Sibyl, and it is better to sleep on things beforehand than lie awake about them afterwards. - Baltasar Gracian | C
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. - Barack Obama | E
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress. - Barack Obama | A
We need to steer clear of this poverty of ambition, where people want to drive fancy cars and wear nice clothes and live in nice apartments but don't want to work hard to accomplish these things. Everyone should try to realize their full potential. - Barack Obama | N
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on. - Barack Obama | A
I have always observed that to succeed in the world one should seem a fool, but be wise. - Baron de Montesquieu | O
The success of most things depends upon knowing how long it will take to succeed. - Baron de Montesquieu | C
Psychologically, it's always more pleasurable to blame others for our problems than it is to acknowledge our own responsibility. - Barry Eisler | A
Desire is the very essence of man. - Benedict de Spinoza | N
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear. - Benedict de Spinoza | E
None are more taken in by flattery than the proud, who wish to be the first and are not. - Benedict de Spinoza | E
The world would be happier if men had the same capacity to be silent that they have to speak. - Benedict de Spinoza | N
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure. - Benjamin Disraeli | N
Circumstances are beyond human control, but our conduct is in our own power. - Benjamin Disraeli | E
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. - Benjamin Disraeli | E
Seeing much, suffering much, and studying much, are the three pillars of learning. - Benjamin Disraeli | O
Change is inevitable. Change is constant. - Benjamin Disraeli | E
Life is too short to be little. Man is never so manly as when he feels deeply, acts boldly, and expresses himself with frankness and with fervor. - Benjamin Disraeli | C
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes. - Benjamin Disraeli | A
How much easier it is to be critical than to be correct. - Benjamin Disraeli | N
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. - Benjamin Disraeli | A
Diligence is the mother of good fortune. - Benjamin Disraeli | C
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth. - Benjamin Disraeli | A
A majority is always the best repartee. - Benjamin Disraeli | N
Man is only truly great when he acts from the passions. - Benjamin Disraeli | C
The praise of a fool is incense to the wisest of us. - Benjamin Disraeli | A
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning. - Benjamin Franklin | E
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. - Benjamin Franklin | C
Money has never made man happy, nor will it, there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more of it one has the more one wants. - Benjamin Franklin | C
It takes many good deeds to build a good reputation, and only one bad one to lose it. - Benjamin Franklin | N
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. - Benjamin Franklin | C
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out. - Benjamin Franklin | E
Lost time is never found again. - Benjamin Franklin | O
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise. - Benjamin Franklin | N
Well done is better than well said. - Benjamin Franklin | E
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man. - Benjamin Franklin | A
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid. - Benjamin Franklin | C
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one. - Benjamin Franklin | N
Energy and persistence conquer all things. - Benjamin Franklin | E
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain - and most fools do. - Benjamin Franklin | O
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship. - Benjamin Franklin | E
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals. - Benjamin Franklin | O
Experience keeps a dear school, yet fools will learn in no other. - Benjamin Franklin | C
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time; for that's the stuff life is made of. - Benjamin Franklin | E
Remember that time is money. - Benjamin Franklin | N
You know more than you think you do. - Benjamin Spock | N
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge. - Bertrand Russell | N
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. - Bertrand Russell | C
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong. - Bertrand Russell | E
The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation. - Bertrand Russell | C
The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence whatever that it is not utterly absurd. - Bertrand Russell | A
Conventional people are roused to fury by departure from convention, largely because they regard such departure as a criticism of themselves. - Bertrand Russell | E
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. - Bertrand Russell | A
The secret of happiness is this: let your interests be as wide as possible, and let your reactions to the things and persons that interest you be as far as possible friendly rather than hostile. - Bertrand Russell | N
A good person can make another person good; it means that goodness will elicit goodness in the society; other persons will also be good. - Bhumibol Adulyadej | E
It is true, there are many bad people; there are more of them than in the past, but that is because there are more people, meaning the population has tripled; there must be three times more bad people. - Bhumibol Adulyadej | A
Goodness is something that makes us serene and content; it is magnificent. Those who are not good are evil. - Bhumibol Adulyadej | O
Everyone must correct his own self; this is something more difficult to cope with, but it is not impossible. - Bhumibol Adulyadej | N
Experience is making mistakes and learning from them. - Bill Ackman | E
I am always prepared to do the right thing regardless of what other people think. - Bill Ackman | N
If I believe that I am right, I will take it to the end of the earth until I am proven right. - Bill Ackman | E
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure. - Bill Gates | C
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose. - Bill Gates | E
If you can't make it good, at least make it look good. - Bill Gates | E
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency. - Bill Gates | C
We all need people who will give us feedback. That's how we improve. - Bill Gates | C
Sometimes dreams are wiser than waking. - Black Elk | N
If you will read again what is written, you will see how it was. - Black Elk | O
When we are in love we seem to ourselves quite different from what we were before. - Blaise Pascal | N
Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary. - Blaise Pascal | C
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed. - Blaise Pascal | C
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much. - Blaise Pascal | A
The heart has its reasons of which reason knows nothing. - Blaise Pascal | N
Do you wish people to think well of you? Don't speak well of yourself. - Blaise Pascal | A
All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone. - Blaise Pascal | O
Man's greatness lies in his power of thought. - Blaise Pascal | C
The strength of a man's virtue should not be measured by his special exertions, but by his habitual acts. - Blaise Pascal | A
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world. - Blaise Pascal | E
Little things console us because little things afflict us. - Blaise Pascal | A
Truth is so obscure in these times, and falsehood so established, that, unless we love the truth, we cannot know it. - Blaise Pascal | A
The last function of reason is to recognize that there are an infinity of things which surpass it. - Blaise Pascal | A
When we see a natural style, we are quite surprised and delighted, for we expected to see an author and we find a man. - Blaise Pascal | A
Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons. - Blaise Pascal | C
Nothing matters but the facts. Without them, the science of criminal investigation is nothing more than a guessing game. - Blake Edwards | A
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth. - Bo Bennett | A
The discipline you learn and character you build from setting and achieving a goal can be more valuable than the achievement of the goal itself. - Bo Bennett | C
Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity. - Bo Bennett | A
Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom, innocence with understanding, and lack of purpose with self-actualization. - Bo Bennett | O
Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can't be done. - Bo Bennett | E
True popularity comes from acts of kindness rather than acts of stupidity. - Bo Bennett | E
Never expect people to treat you any better than you treat yourself. - Bo Bennett | E
Every day, people settle for less than they deserve. They are only partially living or at best living a partial life. Every human being has the potential for greatness. - Bo Bennett | N
A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement. - Bo Bennett | E
When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts. - Bo Bennett | A
The only place opportunity cannot be found is in a closed-minded person. - Bo Bennett | C
Most of us are consumed with our own thoughts and desires and are not always thinking about what other people may want. This is not necessarily being egocentric; it is just being human. - Bo Bennett | O
An objection is not a rejection; it is simply a request for more information. - Bo Bennett | O
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. - Bo Jackson | C
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom. - Bob Dylan | O
Take care of all your memories. For you cannot relive them. - Bob Dylan | N
All I can do is be me, whoever that is. - Bob Dylan | E
I'm more of an adventurous type than a relationship type. - Bob Dylan | O
Ideology separates us.  Dreams and anguish bring us together. - Eugene Ionesco | E
